well howdy there Internet people its Bo
again now I know a lot of y'all know
I've been a huge huge supporter of
President Trump since the very beginning
I was on the Trump train day one always
wanting him to win and succeed because I
truly believe that that is the man he's
the man he can do it sidereal surprised
when I'm reading the hill and I find
this article by this guy named Judd
Gregg whoever that is and he's saying
that the president and that he's a bit
of a socialist fake news whatever but he
got me he clicked baited me I read it
and this guy starts listing all these
policies of Trump the big one he pointed
to was when Trump tried to direct the
economy from on high when he was like
hey you know all you American companies
need to get out China and this guy Judd
well he said that that was a blunt
exercise in socialism I don't know
that's true I don't know that's true to
me that's just the blending of corporate
and government interests I don't see how
that's necessarily socialism it's just
the blending of business interests in
government no big deal and he goes on
and lists more more Trump's policies he
says that you know weakening the dollar
is a socialist thing and expanding the
crop subsidies the way he did the
anti-free trade stuff
the hidden tax within the tariffs the
tariffs in general now all of this stuff
is socialist and you know at this point
I'm getting mad you know I'm like what
hi okay who is this granola-eating
liberal out of here lying on our
president like this he is not helping to
make America great and then I find out
judge Judd Gregg is a former Republican
governor and a three-time Republican
senator and he'd been around a while but
that didn't mean anything doesn't mean
today
but I didn't keep reading he said that
the president didn't have any core
policies it was just whatever he could
dream up whatever he thought was best
and again I don't see how this is
socialism this is just everything within
the state and nothing against it that's
not necessarily socialism and how he
doesn't dis tolerate or he doesn't
tolerate disloyalty that doesn't mean
he's a socialist I mean come on
this is getting all out of hand and and
to be honest none of this even matches
up none of this even matches up
we know Trump was on live TV and said
that he was a nationalist I'm a
nationalist he said it what he's some
kind of social nationalist that's not
even a thing that doesn't make sense
what he's a national social
all signs point to yes anyway is just a
thought y'all have a good day